---
slug: '00'
title: React Native Developer
author: Akvelon
author_title: Vacancy
author_url: https://ru.akvelon.com/
tags: [reactnative, vacancy]
---

Akvelon is an international outsourcing company. In collaboration with such well-known companies like Microsoft, Reddit, DropBox, Evernote, we implement solutions and products that are used by millions of people in the world.

Our company works in a wide range of advanced technologies for software development and you can always find an interesting project, technology and team.

We provide opportunity to work in the office or remotely, travel on business trips to the USA and European countries, or work in one of our overseas offices (Prague, Warsaw, Belgrade, Seattle).

Our client, Evernote company, is looking for React Native developers within their team. The task that needs to be solved now is SQLite parallelization. Your work will help 200 million users using Evernote get fast, reliable, and secure access to their notes.

## What we expect from candidates:

- 3+ development experience on React Native;
- Good knowledge of C ++
- SQLite Experience
- Multithreaded programming
- Proficient level of English (Intermediate level and above).

## We offer:

- High salaries and bonuses;
- Official employment;
- Really interesting projects, which it is not a shame to write in the resume;
- Flexible work schedule;
- We pay and encourage getting certification;
- English language training and pay for fitness;
- Assistance in moving to the USA, if desired.

## Key skills:

- Английский язык
- SQLite
- C++
- React Native

[Contact employer](https://ivanovo.hh.ru/vacancy/36746877)
